FileControl README

Current version: v0.2 (Mar 22th 2013)

DESCRIPTION

FileControl is a file monitoring application. It can monitor
file presense or ebsence, ignore or include folders in scaning,
search with file mask syntax and handle search errors.

Application operate with entries. Each entry include name of
entry, path to search, mask to search (for example: *.txt or 
???file.ext), ignore mask (if search mask = *.txt and ignore
mask = foo.txt then foo.txt will be ignored during scaning),
error condition switch (enabled = treat searching success as
error (files present), disabled = treat searching failure as
error (files ebsent)), case sensetive switch (search with mask
TeSt* will ignore such files as test.file, not work under 
Windows) and folder ignore switch (folders will be ignored).

Application supports several ways to notify user: icon changing
(application icon turn to red even if one of entries return
error) and sound notification. Also FileControl may execute any
command to system shell. Basicly it will launch filemanager to
entry's path with command 'filemanager $PATH'. Command for 
Windows: 'explorer $PATH' or for Linux: 'xdg-open $PATH' or 
even 'mc $PATH'.

CHANGELOG

*See changelog at CHANGELOG file.

DEPENDECIES

libRibbonData - <https://github.com/spoilt-exile/libRibbonData>

LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Application licensed under GNU GPLv2+. All source code 
available at <https://github.com/spoilt-exile/FileControl>.

Â© Stanislav Nepochatov 2013.

THIRD-PARTY COMPONENTS

Copyright for oxygen icons belong to KDE team, original 
copyright file from icons Debian distribution included with
licence file.

Copyright for sound alarm file belong to KDE team, licensed
under GNU GPLv2.